Refactor/2318/improve custom dispatch (#2614)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: CHANGELOG.md

-   Fix Image not shown in what is new dialog [#2610](https://github.com/MaibornWolff/codecharta/pull/2610)

### Chore 👨‍💻 👩‍💻

>     - Only unfocus focused node when map starts to load and not as well when map has finished loading. This shouldn't change any behavior for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Unfocus focused node only when map starts to load and not also when map has finished loading. This shouldn't change any behavior for the user [#2614](https://github.com/MaibornWolff/codecharta/pull/2614)
```
